50
25
DarkBlue
Cyan
true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,false ,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,true,false ,true,true,true,true,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,true,false,true,true,false,true,false,true,false,false ,true,false,false,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,false,true
true,false,true,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true ,true,false,false,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,true,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,false ,true,false,true,true,true,true,false,true,false,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,true,false ,true,false,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,true,false,true
true,false,true,false,true,true,false,true,false,true,false,false ,true,true,true,true,false,true,false,true,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,true,true,false,true ,true,false,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,true,true,true
true,true,true,true,false,true,true,true,true,true,true,false ,false,true,false,true,true,true,true,false,true,false,false,false,true
true,false,false,true,false,true,false,false,false,true,true,false ,true,false,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,true,false,true
true,false,false,true,false,true,true,false,false,true,false,false ,true,true,true,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,false,true
true,false,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,true,false,true ,true,false,false,false,false,true,false,true,true,true,false,true,true
true,true,true,true,true,true,false,true,true,true,true,false, true,false,true,true,true,true,true,false,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,true,false,false ,true,false,false,false,false,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true
true,false,true,true,true,true,true,false,false,false,true,false ,true,true,true,true,true,false,false,false,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,false,false ,true,false,false,false,false,true,true,true,true,true,true,false,true
true,true,true,true,true,false,true,true,true,false,true,true ,false,true,true,true,true,true,false,true,false,false,false,false,true
true,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,false,false,true,false ,true,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,false,false,true,false,false
true,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false ,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true
true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false ,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true
true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false ,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true
true,false,true,false,false,false,true,false,true,false,true,false ,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true,false,true
true,true,true,true,true,false,false,false,true,false,false,false ,true,false,true,false,false,false,false,false,true,false,false,false,true
true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true,true